we will now continue with detailed
instructions of the 12
movements comprising the inn for
Humanity gingery sokku community the
infinity symbol is used to start and
finish the divinity in hold the infinity
symbol slightly away from the body below
the navel take your first breath and
start vocalizing the sound while raising
your arms up disconnect the circles and
rotate your hands out cup your hands
together and elevate your arms up above
your head eyes are focused up and out
over your hands while vocalizing ooh
slowly rotate your right hand up to a 90
degree angle do not separate hands
during the movement while vocalizing G
make a clockwise circle with your right
hand slightly larger than the size of
your face when your wrists touch each
other start vocalizing mm using the same
breath rotate your hands over while
vocalizing do make a counterclockwise
circle with your left hand when your
wrists touch each other start vocalizing
e using the same breath move your left
hand down and cup your hand together
while vocalizing ooh bring your left arm
toward your chest bend your wrist up
palm facing out now bring your other arm
toward you so that the arms cross at the
chest arms do not touch your body using
the same breath make the sound and drop
the right arm followed by the left with
a swift cutting motion
mom's face the ground while vocalizing
so make a slight backward circle and
raise both arms to show their level
extend your arms forward and bring them
toward your chest with middle fingers
touching each other in front of your
sternum palms face the ground while
vocalizing ooh keep fingertips together
and slit palms upward stretch your arms
straight forward open them to your sides
lower arms and place your right wrist on
top of your list slightly below the
navel while vocalizing ha swing your
arms up the side palms facing up bring
your arms up overhead turning palms
toward you with your right arm in front
of your face rotate both arms downward
and swing them back up to show their
level palms face the ground while
vocalizing me lower both arms and cross
at the wrists left hand on top of right
flip palms upward raise arms straight up
and stretch your arms fully overhead
bring both arms down to shoulder level
with palms facing the ground while
vocalizing nah lower your arms and cup
your hands together scoop your arms up
overhead connect the circles in prayer
and stop in front of your face while
vocalizing the lower arms and separate
your palms continue to open your arms
out until they rest by your sides
slant downward while holding your breath
make a point with the index finger of
your right hand write the number seven
with a slash in front of your body keep
holding your breath lower your right
hand and end by forming the infinity
symbol slightly below your navel then
exhale